I just want to conquer people and their souls.
It's good to know how to read, but it's dangerous to know how to read and not how to interpret what you're reading.
I feel like sometimes that I was not meant for this society.
I'm not Mother Teresa, but I'm not Charles Manson, either.
Everyone has a plan 'till they get punched in the mouth.
Real freedom is having nothing. I was freer when I didn't have a cent.
My biggest weakness is my sensitivity. I am too sensitive a person.
I try to catch them right on the tip of his nose, because I try to punch the bone into the brain.
Another thing that freaks me out is time. Time is like a book. You have a beginning, a middle and an end. It's just a cycle.
You come home, and you party. But after that, you get a hangover. Everything about that is negative.
I'm a dreamer. I have to dream and reach for the stars, and if I miss a star then I grab a handful of clouds.
When I fight someone, I want to break his will. I want to take his manhood. I want to rip out his heart and show it to him.
I don't react to a tragic happening any more. I took so many bad things as a kid and some people think I don't care about anything. It's just too hard for me to get emotional. I can't cry no more.
I intend to fight and I want to win. But my priorities are basically to be a good Brother and a strong one, and to try to be a good father one day.
I could feel his muscle tissues collapse under my force. It's ludicrous these mortals even attempt to enter my realm.
I'm not much for talking. You know what I do. I put guys in body bags when I'm right.
I'm in trouble because I'm normal and slightly arrogant. A lot of people don't like themselves and I happen to be totally in love with myself.
I don't understand why people would want to get rid of pigeons. They don't bother no one.
Some people try to get you out of slavery for you to be their slave.
I can inspire people on how to use money, how to get economically powerful.
I'm a Muslim, but I think Jesus would have a drink with me. He would be cool. He would talk to me.
When Jesus comes back, these crazy, greedy, capitalistic men are gonna kill him again.
I want to rip out his heart and feed it to Lennox Lewis. I want to kill people. I want to rip their stomachs out and eat their children.
I don't try to intimidate anybody before a fight. That's nonsense. I intimidate people by hitting them.
I try to catch them right on the tip of his nose, because I try to punch the bone into the brain.
You come home, and you party. But after that, you get a hangover. Everything about that is negative.
When you see me smash somebody's skull, you enjoy it.
Every time there's a revolution, it comes from somebody reading a book about revolution. David Walker wrote a book and Nat Turner did his thing.
I know why they don't like me because they want the money I have.
Anyone with a grain of sense would know that if I punched my wife I would rip her head off. It's all lies. I have never laid a finger on her.
Sometimes I put on a ski mask and dress in old clothes, go out on the streets and beg for quarters.
The drug dealers, they sympathize with me. They see me as some sort of pathetic character.
I ain't the same person I was when I bit that guy's ear off.
You can't stay married in a situation where you are afraid to go to sleep in case your wife might cut your throat.
I'm just like you. I enjoy the forbidden fruits in life, too.
When I was in prison, I was wrapped up in all those deep books. That Tolstoy crap - people shouldn't read that stuff.
If Jesus was here, do you think Jesus would show me any love? Do you think Jesus would love me?
I'm the biggest fighter in the history of the sport. If you don't believe it, check the cash register.
The only thing I do is just pray for inspiration, for a way of thinking, because I don't have any particular goal in sight.
I know how hard it is to be a woman, especially a black woman.
I love to hit people. I love to.
I was hoping he would get up so I could hit him again and keep him down.
I know I'm going to blow one day. My life is doomed the way it is. I have no future.
I'm going to gut you like a fish.
I'll go back and take what the people owe me.
I think I'll take a bath in his blood.
Mr. Arthur Ashe, he was good. I read some of his books. He knew about everything, but he was real quiet and didn't talk much. I never met him.
I did my time for the rape. I paid my money to Las Vegas. I paid my dues.
I just look around and say, I'm a mess. I don't know why I do things.
Everyone says “I wish I was in your shoes…”, the hundreds of people that wish they were in my shoes don’t know the tenth of it. If they were in my shoes they would cry like a baby.
 I was gonna rip his heart out. I’m the best ever. I’m the most brutal and vicious, the most ruthless champion there has ever been. No one can stop me. Lennox is a conqueror? No! He’s no Alexander! I’m Alexander! I’m the best ever. I’m Sonny Liston. I’m Jack Dempsey. There’s never been anyone like me. I’m from their cloth. There is no one who can match me. My style is impetuous, my defense is impregnable, and I’m the ferocious. I want his heart! I want to eat his children! Praise be to Allah!”
These pigeons have been living with each other for 10 or 15 years, but when I throw feed down, they kill each other to get it, and it’s the same with the fighters. We love and respect each other…but we need that money.
Another thing that freaks me out is time. Time is like a book. You have a beginning, a middle and an end. It’s just a cycle.
My power is discombobulating devastating.
